# Hyperswarm exercise

## Connections

A massive part of P2P is just connecting computers with each other. Unlike a cloud based environment, connecting computers running at home is challenging. The vast majority of networks are locked down behind firewalls and NATs making running servers at home very non-trivial.

Luckily we've been spending the last many years trying to solve these problems by making Hyperswarm, a fully distributed and trustless DHT, that helps computers at home penetrate through NATs to make direct connections to other computers.

Instead of using hostnames and ports, Hyperswarm uses key addressed networking. This means that servers (and clients) are identified by a cryptographic keypair.

Instead of doing `connect(port, hostname)` you do `connect(publicKey)` and instead of servers doing `listen(port)` we do `listen({ publicKey, secretKey })`.

This is a super powerful technique as it decouples the location at which a server has to be running. Additionally it also means that ALL connections can be end to end encrypted at all time as their address, ie public key, is the information you need cryptographically to bootstrap a fully secure session.

Hyperswarm implements this low level API in its DHT module. Each instance of the DHT gossips with a global trustless network to find other peers associated with a key pair. You can think of this as being conceptually similar to how routers gossip IPs to find each other as well.

See more about Hyperswarm here, https://docs.holepunch.to/building-blocks/hyperdht

## Exercise

Let's try it out. First install the latest version of the Hyperswarm DHT module. It is available through NPM under the next tag.

```
npm install hyperdht
```

Make two files server.js and client.js and add a package.json with `{ "type": "module" }` so ESM loading and top-level await works.

## Aims

The aim of this exercise to make a simple server that clients can connect to.

1. The first time the client connects, they can register a profile
2. For all subsequent connections, time the server should return their profile to them.

## Challenges

- How can the server identify clients?
- Could clients spoof one another?
- How will a client identify themselves across sessions?

## Links

[HyperDHT](https://github.com/holepunchto/hyperdht)

[Hypercore Crypto](https://github.com/holepunchto/hypercore-crypto)
