> Now that we know how to replicate Hypercores let's explore p2p key-value store functionality

# 0. Boilerplate Code

Create a new folder with a `package.json` that looks as follows: 

```json
{
  "name": "whatever",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "description": "",
  "main": "index.js",
  "type": "module",
  "scripts": {
    "test": "echo \"Error: no test specified\" && exit 1"
  },
  "keywords": [],
  "author": "",
  "license": "ISC",
  "dependencies": {
    "corestore": "^6.8.4",
    "hyperswarm": "^4.5.1"
  }
}
```

This is essentially the same `package.json` that we have by the end of the Hypercore exercses.

The `index.js` file should contain the following code:

```js
import Corestore from 'corestore'
import Hyperswarm from 'hyperswarm'

// docs.holepunch.to for more info

const coreKey = process.argv[2]
if (!coreKey) throw new Error('provide a key')
const store = new Corestore('./store')
const swarm = new Hyperswarm({
  keyPair: await store.createKeyPaid('indexing')
})

const core = store.get({ key: Buffer.from(coreKey, 'hex') })

await core.ready()

const topic = core.discoveryKey
swarm.join(topic)
swarm.on('connection', function (connection) {
  console.log('new connection from', connection.remotePublicKey.toString('hex'))
  store.replicate(connection)
})

process.stdin.on('data', async function (key) {
  // TODO: get `key` from bee
})
```

Note how the topic is `core.discoveryKey`.

We will be working with a pre-seeded Hyperbee with the public key: `27b10f775aef96a55c40eeb6bbe7f563398835ecdd94d14c9926a07441e414d3.`

Run `node index.js 27b10f775aef96a55c40eeb6bbe7f563398835ecdd94d14c9926a07441e414d3` to ensure the boiler plate works. It should open a process, wait for input and announce new connections.


# 1. Adding Hyperbee

We want to add a p2p key-value store. 

Add Hyperbee to the project, ensuring that the current working directory of the command-line is in the correct folder run:

```
npm install hyperbee
```

* Import Hyperbee into the code
* Instantiate Hyperbee
  * set the `valueEncoding` option to `json`
  * set the `keyEncoding` option to `utf-8`
* When the stdin data event fires (e.g. after inputing and hitting return), use that input to lookup a key on the Hyberbee and `console.log` the result.
* Remove the new connection announcements for easier interaction

To check it works `node index.js 27b10f775aef96a55c40eeb6bbe7f563398835ecdd94d14c9926a07441e414d3`

Type `ids!tt0088247` and it should output some JSON containing info about that ID.

## Useful Resources

* https://docs.holepunch.to/building-blocks/hyperbee#const-db-new-hyperbee-core-options
* https://docs.holepunch.to/building-blocks/hyperbee#const-seq-key-value-await-db.get-key-options

# 2. Getting a range of entries

We want to be able to get entries between two ID's

The keys are imdb keys, which are in the form `ids!tt<num>`. 

* Extend the code so that a range of entries can be output, using the form `<key>-<key>`, e.g. `ids!tt0085000 - ids!tt0090000`
  * Range should be inclusive (use `gte` and `lte` rather `gt` and `lt`)
  * Since the keyEncoding is `utf-8` the entry keys are compared lexicograhically 
* Gets should still be supported, e.g. `ids!tt0088247` should still output the same JSON as before


Here's a possible way to parse the input in the range case where `key` is the input:
` const [ from, to ] = key.toString().split('-').map((str) => str.trim())`

## Useful Resources

* https://docs.holepunch.to/building-blocks/hyperbee#const-stream-db.createreadstream-range-options
* https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lexicographic_order


# 3. Getting the highest rated item

This exercise requires NO changes to the code. 

The keys in the bee that have been used so far take the form `ids!<id>`. 

There are also `ratings` keys which take the form: 

```
ratings!<rating>!<votecount>!<id>
```

The `rating` field min number is `01` and the highest number is `100`
(numbers are zero-padded to one place).

Use the existing functionality of the program to find the highest rated item.

# 4. Making our own index

We want to be able to create our own Hyperbee based on the original Hyperbee so that we can create specialized indexes.

Extend the program functionality to support indexing. 

* Get another core from the corestore, call it `genre-index`.
* Instantiate a second Hyperbee (call it `genreIndex`) and pass the new core to it
  * Use the same `valueEncoding` and `keyEncoding` options as the first Hyperbee
* Support the input `genre-index <range-from> - <range-to>`
  * Print out range as usual, but also add keys to the new `genreIndex` Hyperbee
  * Ignore casing
* Support gets and ranges to the format `genre!<genre-name>!id`, e.g. `genre!drama!tt231231`
  * Detect for this key / range and use the new `genreIndex` Hyperbee to lookup items by genre
  

## Useful Resources

* https://docs.holepunch.to/building-blocks/hyperbee#const-db-new-hyperbee-core-options
* https://docs.holepunch.to/building-blocks/hyperbee#await-db.put-key-value-options